Update upgrade steps for upgrading from v2.13.1 (#745)
rancher/rancher-product-docs: versions/v2.13/modules/en/pages/installation-and-upgrade/upgrades.adoc

==== Steps to Upgrade Rancher

[IMPORTANT]
.Upgrading from Rancher v2.13.1
====
In Rancher v2.13.2, the Helm chart name has reverted from `rancher-prime` back to `rancher`. If you are upgrading from v2.13.1, the existing Ingress resource created by the previous chart will conflict with the new one, causing the upgrade to fail with an error similar to:

[,shell]
----

> Error: UPGRADE FAILED: failed to create resource: admission webhook "validate.nginx.ingress.kubernetes.io" denied the request: host "<HOSTNAME>" and path "/" is already defined in ingress cattle-system/rancher-rancher-prime

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Error: UPGRADE FAILED: failed to create resource: admission webhook "validate.nginx.ingress.kubernetes.io" denied the request: host "rancher.my.org" and path "/" is already defined in ingress cattle-system/rancher-rancher-prime
```

The hostname should match the example used on the page for continuity.

----

To prevent or resolve this issue, you must manually delete the old Ingress before completing the upgrade:

. Export your current Helm values to ensure all settings (like hostname and private CA data) are preserved:
+
[,shell]
----
helm get values rancher -n cattle-system -o yaml > rancher-values.yaml
----

. Delete the conflicting Ingress resource:
+
[,shell]
----
kubectl delete ingress rancher-rancher-prime -n cattle-system
----

. Run the upgrade command using the updated chart reference:
+
[,shell]
----
helm upgrade rancher rancher-prime/rancher \
  --namespace cattle-system \
  -f rancher-values.yaml \
  --set hostname=rancher.my.org \

>   --version "~2.13.2"

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  --version 2.13.2
```
